#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via fastapi
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
fastapi-cli==0.0.2
    # via fastapi
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.17
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.36
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.54
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.25.2
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.4.28
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
ujson==5.9.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.29.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
